[skip tests] update HashiCorp Vault installation documentation (#473)
tmforum-oda/oda-canvas: installation/README.md

### 4. HashiCorp Vault

By default HashiCorp Vault is deployed into the namespace canvas-vault. 
The deployment can be supressed when setting `canvas-vault.enabled` to `false` in the values.yaml:

https://github.com/tmforum-oda/oda-canvas/blob/21329156c71a361baaec0955fd244755d01f0227/charts/canvas-oda/values.yaml#L202-L203

Instead of changing the values.yaml the value can also be overwritten on command line:

```
helm install canvas oda-canvas/canvas-oda -n canvas --create-namespace --set=canvas-vault.enabled=false
```

> If HashiCorp Vault is **NOT** installed, everything works fine.
> The Secrets-Management-Operator `canvas-smanop` in the canvas namespace will have a failure with `CreateContainerConfigError`
> and if a component requests Secrets-Management
> it will not reach the state "Completed" but get stuck in state "InProgress-SecretsConfig".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If HashiCorp Vault is **NOT** installed:
- everything works fine as long as Secrets-Management is not requested by any component. 
- If Secrets-Management is needed by a component, this component will not reach the state "Completed" but get stuck in state "InProgress-SecretsConfig". Also the Secrets-Management-Operator `canvas-smanop` in the canvas namespace will have a failure with `CreateContainerConfigError`.
```
